Point values double top seven answers on the board. We asked 100 married women
Name a part of your husband that you wish wasn't so darn hairy
his boss
Come on Justin Vash your mama - no e
De mama go to church. No. Yeah, so she's gonna be very very ashamed
It's his fault I take but hopefully it's up there
It's just this chest
Top six answers on the board
What might a man do if his ex-wife was telling everyone that he has a teeny weenie?
Sue him
Oh, yeah, oh, I'm sorry
Divorce
Kill her
Max go shut this guy's
This little statement about me goes no further today you're gay
No kids visitation she's not seen since she's not allowed to see the kids
You made these babies with this woman now you got a teeny weenie
Nobody gives a fuck
I'll layer by no, she'll I let everybody know she mine
All right, guys we got to pay attention here we go point values of triple we got the top four answers on the board
We asked 100 married women
When it comes to grooming name something you wish your husband would do more often
His eyebrows what?
Those things
Top six answers on the board
We asked 100 married people
Name something you've caught your spouse doing in the middle of sex
Sleeping
Watching TV watching TV
Top 5 answers on the void here we go. We asked 100 married men
name an animal that gets more nookie than you do a
Doe what a
Dog Oh dog
I'll out a deer a deer
Okay
What Dad
Okay, little is did did you understand what she said it first, okay cool cuz I was sitting there going
Point values are triple top four answers on the board name something you might like to have two of on your bed
Women Steve
Carson
Kill my guy she went over there and hug tears
And little Bible study gonna be back next week
- dribbles
Praise you
Gotta bring an extra pillow
Top eight answers on the board. We asked 100 married women
name something
you'll let your husband get away with doing but just once
Cheating
Stop nodding your head stay still because you've got to go back over there right after
What varies with double guys we got the top eight answers on the board fill in the blank
If it were up to me, I'd never blink again
Cheep-cheep
Are you an idiot what you're saying for little buddy it's not gonna be up there
Scot you you can come over here and play with this baby you get back at the hell what?
The hell did you do? Oh
You don't think he's gonna pay for that
Do you?
But this is gonna come up. Oh all over the holidays every time she get drunk. She gonna bring it up
Remember what she tells
Point values are tripled ladies top four answers on the board. We asked 100 women fill in the blank
That was really not good. I'm sorry
That was really not good
So you could give NES, I'm sorry, I'm sorry
Okay, here we go fill in the blank I love farming with big what packages
Jason hoses
Top six answers on the board
Name something the church could get that might suddenly make a man want to attend
Strippers
Tim Tim is a pastor
Sorry - yeah, but I'm doing this. Hell. Yeah, then I looked over there where our
Strippers
Top six answers on the boy. Oh
We asked 100 married men. I wish my wife's bottoms look like who's
Myself
Here's
Beyonce Beyonce
Well Tim the pastor
Show he didn't say nothing stupid. I
Wish my wife's bottoms look like who'd mine
That's saying nothing else don't ask me
You